Since you want to know about it
Then I Luozhan
Eligibility to stay here
Forget it, I promise you to stay in the conference for a while
But the marriage
You don't have to be a non-molecule anymore
If I can't say why today
I swear you can't get out of here
I see if you don't leave
I can't get out today, it's you here
How dare you talk to me like that
Sect Master Su
Am I right?
This is the priceless treasure of your Su family
It turns out that this legendary holy relic spirit stone
It was destined to be my Su family
Sect Master Su
Do you really think it's just your Su family?
Something that can hold this clock
Today your Su family repents from marriage
That clock thing
I will take it in a battle